add configuration guide (#42)
pipermerriam/glados: SETUP_GUIDE.md

## Setup guide

For specific configurations.
### Local testing environment

This example uses the following:
- "`machine-a`" (headless Ubuntu)
    - Locally running Ethereum execution client
    - `trin`
    - `glados-monitor`
    - `glados-audit`
    - `glados-web`
- "`machine-b`"(with display)
    - Browser listening to `glados-web`

All commands are issued on `machine-a` unless otherwise stated.

Important notes:

> - If `glados-monitor`, `glados-audit` and `glados-web` are in `sqlite::memory:`-mode they won't be able to share a database.
> - The database used is ephemeral (for testing) and will be removed if the machine reboots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If `glados-monitor`, `glados-audit` and `glados-web` are in `sqlite::memory:`-mode they won't be able to share a database. In-memory databases are ephemeral and only persist as long as the process is running.
```
